Hahahaha
Dr. Qin really lives up to his reputation
But I'm curious
How do you know it's my Sun family and not someone else?
Blame these killers for being too professional
Zhengqing still can't find these people
Except for him
The only enemy I have is your Sun family
Hahahaha
Interesting, it seems that what the head of the family said is right
People like you
If you live a moment longer, you will lose
It seems that you have settled on me today, otherwise?
Go first, I'll protect you
No.
None of us have to leave today.
What do you mean?
General Zhang, have you seen enough of the play?
How did you know I was guessing here?
Now I finally know why he likes you so much, my lord
Criminal Zhengqing Chen Haijie Party Camp Division
Suspected of murdering court officials
It is the law of the country for me
Somebody take it for me
Don't move!
Is the teacher sick?
Let's go
Stop in the past
I am from Qingzhou Zheng's family, who dares to touch me?
I am the bodyguard of the present-day Emperor
Likewise, Zheng Qing
Do you think I dare to touch you?
What Zheng Qing? Zheng Qing
You ask me to say what you are good for, but you don't think about it carefully. Chen Hai still wants to kill me.
What's the use of pulling you a weak scholar?
Obviously looking for a scapegoat
You can't think of something that you can come up with just by breaking your head
I have to rush to commit suicide
Who do you blame?
roll
So you've already thought of this step
Yeah, that's all they can do.
Poisoning, framing, discrediting
Nothing new.